Is Mr. Shen like the East China Sea?
This is not suitable for the boss.
Can he make his longevity a success?
Although I am here to see the benefits of Miss Gu,
We keep going
Last dinner
Miss Gu ruined my gift worth hundreds of millions
Also claiming to be the richest daughter in Kyushu
Turns out you just found the live machine
Who is he now?
You don't want to default, do you?
I told you before.
I will lose a lot in your arms
I don't agree with that.
Gu Jinxi's fault
Why should our Shen family repay for him?
She's my wife now.
I have an admission to pay for him
The Shen family is not your Shen family alone
We also have shares in the Shen family
I don't agree with Dong Shen's money
That's right, we disagree.
Sure enough, it's the police
How dare this woman pretend
But the aura is quite strong
I was almost deceived by him
Don't pretend to send it at this time.
I will protect you
You don't have to protect them.
No one messes with you
Bold and unpredictable
Boss dinner
Assistant Qu doesn't even look at you
Dare to pretend to be a lady
Are you pretending? You'll know in a while.
Wait another 10 minutes.
Is Miss Gu impersonating again?